example/README.md: daemon instead of watch (#190)
target/lorri: example/README.md

## Set up `lorri`

`lorri daemon` starts a process that watches one or more `shell.nix` files,
together with all its dependencies. If any of these files change, the
daemon starts nix and builds the new version.

Install `lorri` by following the instructions [in the
README](../README.md#install).

Now that you have installed `lorri`, let’s take it for a spin. Start up the

> `lorri` daemon (note that it does not matter which directory this command is

Reviewer: Follow-up: https://github.com/target/lorri/issues/226

run in):

```bash
$ lorri daemon
```

As you can see, the daemon does nothing initially. It is waiting to be told

> about projects. There is a "plumbing" command `lorri ping_` to do this manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about projects. The "plumbing" command `lorri ping_` tells the daemon to start watching a project’s nix file. It can be used in scripts, or, like we do here, to assure yourself that the daemon is working correctly.
```

> - see the next section for how this can be automated using `direnv`.

Reviewer 2: I am a bit concerned about advertising such a plumbing command. @Profpatsch what do you think?

> - see the next section for how this can be automated using `direnv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See the next section for how this can be automated using `direnv`.
```

Keep `lorri daemon` running, open up a second terminal and `cd` into
`lorri/example`. Ignore any `direnv` warnings and run the following command:

```bash

> $ lorri _ping $(readlink -f shell.nix)

Reviewer: `ping_`

Tough now we can still change how plumbing commands are named. I initially used a trailing `_` because a leading `_` would sort them all before any alphanumeric commands.

}
```

Then tell the daemon to build the changes:

```bash

> $ lorri _ping $(readlink -f shell.nix)

Author: With #192 fixed, the call to `readlink -f` will no longer be necessary.

> ```

Reviewer: This is the point where we want to show the user that lorri automatically picks up changes. Since that only happens with `direnv` integration anymore, we should move the sentence

> As soon as you save, `lorri` starts building the changes.

down into the direnv part.

## Change the environment of your shell with lorri & direnv

> Still keeping `lorri daemon` running, let's enable the `direnv` integration. In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's enable the `direnv` integration. In the same terminal, run:
```

Let’s assume the user is following the tutorial step-by-step (plus, lorri should display warnings if the daemon is not running anymore).
